Add Foundry Smart Contract Verification Tutorial for Rootstock with API Key Instructions "hacktivator" (#309)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/node/install/java.md

Replace `<PATH-TO-THE-RSKJ-JAR>` with your path to the JAR file. As an example: `C:/RskjCode/rskj-core-2.0.1-PAPYRUS-all.jar`

> ## OPTIONAL: Using experimental import sync
> 
> If you don't want to syncronize your node in the regular way, you can use the import sync. This method imports a synchronized dabase from a trusted origin in a fraction of the time currently required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using import sync

> Note: This feature is optional.

> Note: This feature, first released as part of RSKj v2.0.1, is currently experimental.

If you don't want to synchronize your node in the default way,
you can use the import sync feature.
This method imports a synchronized database from a trusted origin
in a fraction of the time currently required.
```

I'm moving the disclaimers (experimental, optional) out of the heading and into the body for this section, because:

- Allows the disclaimers to change without the anchor changing, thus giving direct permalinks to this section a longer lifespan.
- Intentionally put the version number `2.0.1` here so that when it is no longer experimental, it is easier to spot by `grep`-ping etc.

Use this command to run the node:

```bash

> $ java -cp <PATH-TO-THE-RSKJ-JAR> co.rsk.Start --import

Reviewer: Does this command allow you to specify the URLs for the trusted origin, or is that hardcoded into RSKj, or is that something you have to specify in config files?

Reviewer 2: There is a default value in the config file, you may change it but makes no sense unless you serve your own database version.
Check this: https://developers.rsk.co/rsk/node/configure/reference/#databaseimport

Reviewer 2: Ok, I'll do it

```

> If your hardware meets the minimum RAM memory requirement or you get a memory error during the process, please consider adding the following flag to the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your hardware has sufficient RAM, please consider adding the following flag to the command to increase the amount of memory allocated to the node:
```

Note that I've removed the out of memory error, because if you get that **and** don't have sufficient RAM, then I assume that you won't be able to use the import sync feature at all. (Let me know if I've made an incorrect assumption).

Reviewer 2: That flag applies if you have only 8 GB, it's not for the case that you have a lot of memory

Reviewer: Ah I've misunderstood, so this is intended to **decrease** the memory allocated to the process?

In that case, I suggest:

```suggestion
If your hardware meets the
[minimum hardware requirements](/rsk/node/install/requirements/),
but you get a memory error during the process,
please consider adding the following flag to the command
to change the memory allocated to the process:
```

Replace `<PATH-TO-THE-RSKJ-JAR>` with your path to the JAR file. As an example: `C:/RskjCode/rskj-core-2.0.1-PAPYRUS-all.jar`

## Using import sync

> Note: This feature is optional.

> Note: This feature, first released as part of RSKj v2.0.1, is currently experimental.

If you don't want to synchronize your node in the default way,
you can use the import sync feature.
This method imports a synchronized database from a trusted origin
in a fraction of the time currently required.

Use this command to run the node:

```bash
$ java -cp <PATH-TO-THE-RSKJ-JAR> co.rsk.Start --import
```

If your hardware meets the
[minimum hardware requirements](/rsk/node/install/requirements/),
but you get a memory error during the process,
please consider adding the following flag to the command
to change the memory allocated to the process:

```bash
$ java -Xmx4G -cp <PATH-TO-THE-RSKJ-JAR> co.rsk.Start --import
```

Replace `<PATH-TO-THE-RSKJ-JAR>` with your path to the JAR file. As an example: `C:/RskjCode/rskj-core-2.0.1-PAPYRUS-all.jar`

> For further reference, check this [configuration settings](/rsk/node/configure/reference/#databaseimport).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further reference, check out the
[`database.import` configuration setting](/rsk/node/configure/reference/#databaseimport).
```
